Q1. Create a class Program with two Main methods. Prove Main() method is entry point of the application.
Q2. WAP which takes firstname and lastname as input from the user and write that back to console.
    Use the following to print:-
    1. Concatination 2. Place holder syntax
Q3. WAP to calculate the min and max value of int,float and double.

Q4. WAP to print your name insde double quotes.
Q5. WAP to print One,Two,Three in three different lines.
Q6. WAP to print a file filepath with backslashes.
Q7. WAP to print the same path using verbatin literal.

Q8. WAP which takes two variables Number,IsNumber10. Check whether the number is 10 & print "Number == 10 is true/false"
Q9. WAP to do do the same thing using ternary operator.

Q10. WAP which ask user AreYouMajor , use has the option to say it or to not answer. Print a message according to that input.
Q11. WAP where if TicketOnSale is null then AvailableTickets will be 0, else AvailableTickets=TicketOnSale.
Q12. WAP to do the same thing using Null Coalescing Operator.

Q13. WAP to show implicit Conversion, Take an integer value and store it in a float variable.
Q14. WAP to show Explicit Conversion may result in loss of data, Take a float variable and try to store its value into an integer variable.
Q15. WAP to store a string value in a number ,use the string parse .
Q16. WAP same as above and show the example of TryParse method.

Q17. Create an array of size 3 to store first three even numbers. Print the second even number.

Q18. WAP to show XML cooments works when we hover on a particular class.

Q19. WAP which takes a number from user . If the number is between 1 to 3 then print accordingly else print "The number is not between 1 and 3".
Q20. WAP which takes a number from the user . If the number is 10 or 20 or 30 then print accordingly , using if statement.
Q21. Rewrite the same program using switch statement.
Q22. Rewrite the same program using switch but avoiding multiple case statements.

Q23. WAP following these instructions:
        - Ask the user "Which type of coffee you want?" , "1 - Small , 2 - Medium , 3 - Large "
        - If the user enters a number other than 1 - 3 , give a message "Your choice is invalid."
        - At last give user a message "Thank you for shoping with us." , "Your bill amount is TotalCoffeeCost".
Q24. 
